Add java-multiping and java-packet-examnple (#12)
scionproto/awesome-scion: README.md

- [spate](https://github.com/netsys-lab/scion-apps/tree/tool/spate-bpf/spate) - Multipath traffic generator and bandwidth tester. :wrench:
- [hercules](https://github.com/netsec-ethz/hercules) - High speed bulk data transfer application. :wrench:
- [ioq3-scion](https://github.com/lschulz/ioq3-scion) - Quake III with SCION networking. :boom:
- [multiping](https://github.com/netsec-ethz/scion-java-multiping) - A tool to measure latency on multiple paths to multiple destinations . :wrench:
- [nats-server](https://github.com/MartincoitNetworks/nats-server) - [NATS](https://nats.io/) server with SCION networking. :wrench: :construction:
- [nats-client](https://github.com/MartincoitNetworks/scion-nats.go) - Simple [NATS](https://nats.io/) client for SCION Enabled NATS servers. :wrench: :construction:

## Examples

> - [JPAN packet example](https://github.com/netsec-ethz/scion-java-packet-example) - A simple example (used [here](https://scion-architecture.net/apps/)) that sends a packet to the [SCION packet analyzer](https://echoscion.ddns.net/). 

Reviewer: - https://echoscion.ddns.net/ dead link.
- change https://scion-architecture.net/apps/ to https://apps.scion.org/

> - [JPAN packet example](https://github.com/netsec-ethz/scion-java-packet-example) - A simple example (used [here](https://scion-architecture.net/apps/)) that sends a packet to the [SCION packet analyzer](https://echoscion.ddns.net/). 

Author: ```suggestion
- [JPAN packet example](https://github.com/netsec-ethz/scion-java-packet-example) - A simple example (used [here](https://apps.scion.org)) that sends a packet to the [SCION packet analyzer](https://scionpacketinspector.netsec.ethz.ch). 
```

Author: Does that work?
